src/pages/2024/index.mdx, before:

---
layout: "../../layout/Layout2024.astro"
---
import Sessions from '../../components/Sessions.svelte';

# Movember 2024

<nav>
- [Teaser](#teaser)
- [Preparation](#preparation)
- [Dates](#dates-and-times)
</nav>

Hello! I am working on the adventure for this year's Movember game.

This year we will be using the Nimble v2. It started as a rules extension to D&D, and has become its own game essentially at this point. It is in active development/beta at the moment, but is playable now and should be done soon.

**As always the cost to play is a donation to my Movember campaign. Any amount is fine. You can donate on the [official event donation page](/donate).**

Come hang out for a few hours and roll some dice for charity. This is a recurring event throughout the month. I will be hosting 3-5 of the one-shot sessions during Movember. Each session will be the same adventure, so you only need to join one. Most games will be Saturday evening Atlantic time, but there might be other times if the demand is there. Games will be around 3-4 hours long.

- You will need a computer with a modern browser and audio capabilities.
- Video will be optional but recommended.
- Games are not recorded or streamed.
- Players of any gender can join.
- **New/beginner players welcome.**
- Looking for roughly 3 players for each game.
- I do use some AI generated artwork within the game for scenes and characters.

---

## Teaser

Something large looms in the sky on the horizon… and it's getting closer.

Strange tendrils reach out from the skyborne mass, its surface shrouded in a wild tangle of vegetation. What secrets lie hidden atop the floating isle of Mycosia? You've been hired to find out. Will you uncover the island's mysteries and return a hero, or will you join the previous missing expedition—lost to whatever lurks within?

---

## Preparation

No preparation is technically necessary as the first part of the session I will help everyone create or generate characters, as well as explain the basic rules. 

Since the version of Nimble I plan on using is still in Beta at the moment, I will share more closer to game time, but the characters are similar to D&D characters if you want to plan a concept. Until then, here is a fun sample scenario created by the author of the system.

<div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/QLtdYJhl6vE' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

We will likely be using Foundry VTT to play.

If you haven't played in one of my games before, you can read [my code of ethics/conduct](https://divora.world/code-of-ethics/) which applies to all the games I run.

---

## Dates and Times

By default, the games happen Saturday evening in my timezone (GMT-3/4). However, in order to accommodate more people I will try to run some alternative times if there is demand. Reach out and let me know.

Otherwise, if you want to put your name down for a session, you can do so below. If I know you via a Discord username, put that down.

Times should be local to your browsers's time zone.

<Sessions gameId="12vpf5qa8modu0f" client:only="svelte"/>

If you ended up here and are interested, but don't have a way to get in touch with me, I'm on Discord as `colinbate`.

[1]: https://dev.brighterworldsrpg.com/

Commit message:

Update some info for 2024 page.

src/pages/2024/index.mdx, after:

---
layout: "../../layout/Layout2024.astro"
---
import Sessions from '../../components/Sessions.svelte';

# Movember 2024

<nav>
- [Teaser](#teaser)
- [Preparation](#preparation)
- [Dates](#dates-and-times)
</nav>

Hello! I am working on the adventure for this year's Movember game.

This year we will be using the Nimble v2. It started as a rules extension to D&D, and has become its own game essentially at this point. It is in active development/beta at the moment, but is playable now and should be done soon.

**As always the cost to play is a donation to my Movember campaign. Any amount is fine. You can donate on the [official event donation page](/donate).**

Come hang out for a few hours and roll some dice for charity. This is a recurring event throughout the month. I will be hosting 3-5 of the one-shot sessions during Movember. Each session will be the same adventure, so you only need to join one. Most games will be Saturday evening Atlantic time, but there might be other times if the demand is there. Games will be around 3-4 hours long.

- You will need a computer with a modern browser and audio capabilities.
- Video will be optional but recommended.
- Games are not recorded or streamed.
- Players of any gender can join.
- **New/beginner players welcome.**
- Looking for roughly 3 players for each game.
- I do use some AI generated artwork within the game for scenes and characters.

---

## Teaser

Something large looms in the sky on the horizon… and it's getting closer.

Strange tendrils reach out from the skyborne mass, its surface shrouded in a wild tangle of vegetation. What secrets lie hidden atop the floating isle of Mycosia? You've been hired to find out. Will you uncover the island's mysteries and return a hero, or will you join the previous missing expedition—lost to whatever lurks within?

---

## Preparation

No preparation is technically necessary as the first part of the session I will help everyone create or generate characters, as well as explain the basic rules. 

Since the version of Nimble I plan on using is still in Beta at the moment, I will share more closer to game time, but the characters are similar to D&D characters if you want to plan a concept. I have some character creation instructions and a character sheet tool you can use if you will be joining.

To give you a taste, here is a fun sample scenario created by the author of the system.

<div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/QLtdYJhl6vE' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

We will likely be using the Owlbear Rodeo VTT to play, but there will be a fair bit of theatre of the mind.

If you haven't played in one of my games before, you can read [my code of ethics/conduct](https://divora.world/code-of-ethics/) which applies to all the games I run.

---

## Dates and Times

By default, the games happen Saturday evening in my timezone (GMT-3/4). However, in order to accommodate more people I will try to run some alternative times if there is demand. Reach out and let me know.

Otherwise, if you want to put your name down for a session, you can do so below. If I know you via a Discord username, put that down.

Times should be local to your browser's time zone.

<Sessions gameId="12vpf5qa8modu0f" client:only="svelte"/>

If you ended up here and are interested, but don't have a way to get in touch with me, I'm on Discord as `colinbate`.

[1]: https://dev.brighterworldsrpg.com/
